en/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2025-02-04T00:39:41-05:00
draft: false
comments: false
images:
---

I am a 3rd-year physics PhD candidate at Princeton University. My advisors are William Bialek (Princeton) and David Schwab (CUNY).

My research interests are in the application of techniques and ideas from physics and complex systems to artificial neural networks in order to understand how they learn and abstract.

My current research in machine learning/AI includes projects in ***mechanistic interpretability, meta-learning, in-context learning, and LLM multi-agent interactions***.

You can reach me by email at lindsay.smith@princeton (dot) edu.

&nbsp;

My papers can be found here:

Specialization-generalization transition in exemplar-based in-context learning *(Under review @ ICML 2025)*

[Model Recycling: Model component reuse to promote in-context learning](https://openreview.net/forum?id=vWSu8nEURM) *(NeurIPS 2024 SciForDL Workshop)*

[Specialization-generalization transition in exemplar-based in-context learning](https://openreview.net/forum?id=D1ui5QwHqF) *(NeurIPS 2024 SciForDL Workshop)*

[Learning continuous chaotic attractors with a reservoir computer](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0075572)
*(**Chaos** journal). Selected as an Editor’s Pick and publicized with a [Scilight press summmary](https://doi.org/10.1063/10.0009079)*.


&nbsp;

Previously, I was an undergrad at the University of Pennsylvania where I majored in physics (with honors), minored in mathematics and French and Francophone studies, and graduated cum laude. My undergrad research advisor was Dani Bassett, and I researched human white matter brain networks, the human perception of the stars in the night sky, and abstraction in reservoir computers (a type of RNN).

&nbsp;

Before undergrad, I worked on a project at WSU designing a flux spectrometer for the [DUNE](https://lbnf-dune.fnal.gov/) collaboration at Fermilab, advised by Holger Meyer.

Commit message:

edited flow and style of about page

en/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: 2025-02-04T00:39:41-05:00
draft: false
comments: false
images:
---
# About Me

I am a 3rd-year physics PhD candidate at Princeton University. My advisors are William Bialek (Princeton) and David Schwab (CUNY).

I study learning and abstraction in artificial neural networks through the lens of physics and complex systems.

My current research in machine learning/AI includes projects in ***mechanistic interpretability, meta-learning, in-context learning, and LLM multi-agent interactions***.

You can reach me by email at lindsay.smith@princeton (dot) edu.

&nbsp;
# Papers

Specialization-generalization transition in exemplar-based in-context learning *(Under review @ ICML 2025)*

[Model Recycling: Model component reuse to promote in-context learning](https://openreview.net/forum?id=vWSu8nEURM) *(NeurIPS 2024 SciForDL Workshop)*

[Specialization-generalization transition in exemplar-based in-context learning](https://openreview.net/forum?id=D1ui5QwHqF) *(NeurIPS 2024 SciForDL Workshop)*

[Learning continuous chaotic attractors with a reservoir computer](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0075572)
*(**Chaos** journal). Selected as an Editor’s Pick and publicized with a [Scilight press summmary](https://doi.org/10.1063/10.0009079)*.


# Background

Previously, I was an undergrad at the University of Pennsylvania where I majored in physics (with honors), minored in mathematics and French and Francophone studies, and graduated cum laude. My undergrad research advisor was Dani Bassett, and I researched human white matter brain networks, the human perception of the stars in the night sky, and abstraction in reservoir computers (a type of RNN).


Before undergrad, I worked on a project at WSU designing a flux spectrometer for the [DUNE](https://lbnf-dune.fnal.gov/) collaboration at Fermilab, advised by Holger Meyer.
